---Metric Tracking---

Item Definitions:
Exercises - An exercise is a short problem that consists of instructions and test code.
            The student will not know what the test code is.
            The student may be given some starting code to work off of.
            Every time the student runs the code, it is checked against the test code to see if it is correct.
            The student types in code and runs it until the requirements stated in the instructions are fulfilled.
            They must be completed in order and a student cannot move on until the current one is completed.
            These are not graded by the content of the students answer, but by completion.
            Exercises can take anywhere from 1 minute to 10 minutes, but there is no time limit. 

Projects - A project is a bigger, more complex problem where the student is given instructions and sometimes start code. 
           A student cannot access a project until any related exercises(if any exist) are completed.
           Projects do not contain test code therefore they are manually graded after its due date.
	   A project can be a solo assignment or a group assignment. 
           Projects can take anywhere from 30 minutes to a week depending on the scope of what the professor asks for in the instructions.           
     
Exam Questions - An exam question is very similar to an exercise, however they are part of a timed exam.
                 Questions can take anywhere from 1 minute to 10 minutes as well, but the exam will be have a specified duration. 
                 Unlike exercises, they have a point value shown to the student while taking the exam.
                 Student's answers are not awarded any partial credit.
                 Students are free to do questions in whatever order they want.

Session Definition:
Sessions - A session is a slice of time that consists of a start and end time. 
           It also keeps a count of how many times each activity defined below occurred between the start and end time.
           A session will start as soon as the student arrives to any of the 3 items listed above.
           A session will end after 5 minutes of inactivity or when the student leaves the page.
           As soon as any activity is detected, the 5 minutes will reset.
           A new session will begin as soon as the previous one ends.
           A session is saved to the database when it ends and only if it contained any amount of activity in it. 

Activity Definitions:
Keystrokes - Any key press, excluding modifiers such as ctrl, shift, etc... 
             It does not keep track of which key was pressed.
Mouse Clicks - Whenever any mouse button was pressed. 
             It does not keep track of which mouse button was pressed.
Times Ran - The number of times the student pressed the run button to test their code. 
Times Ran With Errors - The number of times the student pressed the run button and an error occurred.
                        An error can occur during any of the 3 items listed above. 
                        During any of them, the error count will be incremented when there was a bug in the code (incorrect syntax, variable didn't exist, etc...).
                        During exercises and exam questions, an error can also occur if the students code does not meet the requirements when checked against the test code.
                        It does not track what kind of error occurred.

Occurrence Definition:
Occurrences only occur while a student is completing a question on an exam.
If the website loses focus in any way, it will be recorded in the database. 
This includes, but is not limited to,  opening a new tab, opening a new browser window, or interacting with any other program on their computer. 
The specific type of occurrence is not recorded.
Only the students name, what question it happened during, and the date and time it occurred is recorded.
The date and time of when the website regains focus is not recorded.



